Add most recent training recording playlist to basic training (#274)
nextflow-io/training: docs/basic_training/index.md

## Follow the training videos

> In our latest [nf-core training in September, 2023](https://nf-co.re/events/2023/training-basic-2023), we used this training material to teach Nextflow and the recording is available for you to watch at your pace below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We run a free online training event for this course approximately every six months. Videos are streamed to YouTube and questions are handled in the nf-core Slack community. You can watch the recording of the most recent training ([September, 2023](https://nf-co.re/events/2023/training-basic-2023)) in the [YouTube playlist](https://youtu.be/ERbTqLtAkps?si=6xDoDXsb6kGQ_Qa8) below:
```

<div style="text-align: center;">
    <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/watch?v=ERbTqLtAkps&list=PL3xpfTVZLcNiLFLiDqk_H5b3TBwvgO_-W" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen="" data-ruffle-polyfilled=""></iframe>
</div>

> We also recorded the [nf-core training in March, 2023](https://nf-co.re/events/2023/training-march-2023) in multiple languages. You can access them below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If English is not your preferred language, you may find it useful to follow the training from the [March 2023 event](https://nf-co.re/events/2023/training-march-2023) , which we ran in multiple languages.
Please note that some parts of the training material may have been updated since this was recorded.
```
